Title: Shipping from China takes too long
Date: 2012-05-06 01:38
Author: Alistair
Category: Random
Tags: Ebay, Equipment, Impatience, Masterchef, Photography, Shipping, Standup, Update, Work
Slug: shipping-from-china-takes-too-long

I bought my housemates old Canon 5D Mark ii when he upgraded to the Mark
iii. I bought it to make video with so did all the research and it
basically said you can save money buying non-canon lenses second hand
and buying adaptors to fit them to my camera. Stage one went fantastic,
I bought a great looking Olympus 50mm prime lens from ebay and it
shipped in a day. Stage 2 order an adaptor ring also from ebay. This
stage failed so spectacularly. I've owned the camera for a month, and I
really wanted to start by using my own lenses so I could get a feel for
them. Today I used it for the first time (it's gorgeous btw, very happy
with it).

The ebay ring still hasn't shipped.

I ended up going into a brick and mortar camera store and buying a very
expensive adaptor ring so I could finally start playing with my camera,
negating most of the advantage of buying off brand. Never the less, it
looks great and I have some very video friendly friends. I'll import the
videos and try to edit something together later this week.

Now if I could only think of a project to film.

In other news, I forgot how draining working a full week could be. Back
at Masterchef for the week, and working in that studio is very draining.

In other other news, I have my 3rd (actually 4th) ever stand up gig on
Monday, which I'm really looking forward too. I'll try and record it
with my new camera and sound recorder. I've been thinking a lot about
comedy lately. I don't think this will help me be funny, but it's a
point of conversation that could be raise and discussed if this wasn't
such a one way mode of conversation. With you, my non-existent
readership.
