Title: On one particular podcast
Date: 2012-05-03 02:21
Author: admin
Category: Personal
Tags: America, Atheism, Athiest, Mental Heath, Musings, Philosophy, Podcast, Religion, This American Life
Slug: on-one-particular-podcast

I was listening to the "This American Life" podcast today; the Ten
Commandments episode. There was a lot of stuff in there that I want to
think on, and there's already at least one comic idea stewing in my head
(not today though, 13 hour work day is long). There is a moment in one
of the stories that particularly strikes me at the moment. A virgin is
counselled by his christian minister to attend a sexaholics meeting to
help with his "impure thoughts"

Its almost funny, if it wasn't so horrifically sad. And to make it
worse, at no point does the story teller even seem to consider that it's
horrible. Before he tells us how he eventually found relief when he
encountered a christian counseller kind enough to say, "hey, just jerk
it," (paraphrased) he describes how none of the (legitimate) sexaholics
understand his situation. With a tone, that smacks to me of sadness at
his believed illness rather than the quite awful situation he should
never have been put in.

As a an athiest, I don't often seek out the witness and faith of
believers. I forget that the majority of Americans are religious, and a
show like This American Life doing a Ten Commandments episode will do it
earnestly and won't be a deconstruction of the commandments and
religion. And in accidentally stumbling across something I wouldn't seek
out I'm given a chance to question and re-affirm my beliefs. And how did
I feel after the episode? Sad. Sad that good, decent people (there were
a few stories with a similar resonance to me) are forced to engage in a
mental self torture for their faith. Sad that good people need to make
them selves miserable to make themselves feel like they are good people.

I didn't find god listening to this, but I learnt how cruel religion can
be, especially to the truest believer.
