Title: Trying to travel better
Date: 2013-11-06 03:02
Author: Alistair
Category: Travel
Tags: America, Central Park, Dogs, Friends, Halloween, New York, Photos, Plans, Puppies, Puppy Parade, Travel, USA, Personal, Goals
Slug: trying-to-travel-better

First of all, I haven't posted about New York. It was great, I saw some
improv, some comedy, I saw a Broadway show and I went to Sleep No More
which was fantastic and I want to go back. Although I might read Macbeth
before that though.

And New York had the best day ever, which is a Halloween puppy parade.
In costume!

Look it's hulk dog!

[![P1000918](http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7291/10530531976_a72172a599_c.jpg)](http://www.flickr.com/photos/97350976@N07/10530531976/ "HULK DOG!")

And these guys won best costume, lobster and chef dogs.

[![P1000906](http://farm3.staticflickr.com/2873/10530528655_6b6f619591_c.jpg)](http://www.flickr.com/photos/97350976@N07/10530528655/ "They were very cute. See previous image in flikr set for a better overview of whole set up")

But, as good as New York was, and as wonderful as the people I met were,
there was still that same feeling that I had in Paris. That I wasn't
entirely satisfied with my trip.

I don't want to say that it was too easy because I don't believe that my
travels should be difficult. Rather that I haven't challenged myself to
grow or change. Before continuing I have to say that I'm super grateful
to my friends who have let me stay at their place. Staying with friends
has been wonderful (and cheap). But the longish stays with no plans (or
job) and the fact that they go out during the days means there were
quite a few days I would stay home rather than go out exploring. The
worst were the days I would sleep in, then spend the rest of the day on
the internet.

This is a problem for me, because I tend towards laziness, which leads
to a downward spiral of bad days. Cindy very insightfully said to me on
a morning in Lyon when I was delaying getting off the couch and outside,
"Being in a different country isn't going to cure depression.‚Äù It is
inevitable that I'm going to have down days still. And I'll have the
occasional manic day too. But if I'm being someone I don't like on
normal days, how am I supposed to get through the bad ones.

So, there are some things I need to work out. Short term and long term.
In the short term I wanted to get out of bed and get moving everyday, to
have new experiences. So I stayed in New York for Halloween, but now I
have left.

[![P1010067](http://farm6.staticflickr.com/5492/10692039953_5c4413d283_c.jpg)](http://www.flickr.com/photos/97350976@N07/10692039953/ "Insert where did I go, there I am joke here")

No safety net. I'm on my own and via hitch-hiking and other cheap
transport I'm going to attempt to cross the country, or as much as I can
do before I leave. So far I've caught a bus to Atlantic City, where I
spent a few days. I caught another bus to Washington D.C. where I'm
sitting now in a hostel writing this post. The rough plan from here is
to head south, aiming for New Orleans. Then West across Texas and the
southern States, a stop in Las Vegas and L.A. and hopefully all the way
to San Francisco to meet up with my friend Andy. If for some reason
everything goes much quicker than planned and I don't then fly back to
New York, I'll come back via Chicago to watch some more improv.
Hopefully this plan also helps me with another problem I feel I have
which is a fair bit of social awkwardness.

Some other things I've started to implement include timeboxing some
things, to limit my internet usage and to instigate constructive things
like blog writing. Also, I've been dabbling with meditation and being
present and focused.

In the long term I need to find what I want to do next. The plan at the
moment is to alternate work in the UK with travel in Europe. And this
may be fine, I don't know yet, I haven't tried. But I feel a better
solution is going to be a digital job that I can do on the road so that
I can live more of a digital nomad life.

With this in mind I have a few things I would like to get better at: my
art and to get back into making comics; more performing, predominately
acting and improv, but also get back into stand up; writing; possibly
editing; and music. This last one is giving me a bit of a problem at the
moment. I'm still carrying around the mandolin I was given by a friend
in Sydney. But I really don't play it enough to justify carrying it
around. The mandolin itself isn't that heavy, but I've put it in a case
and it is big enough and awkward enough to get in the way. I'm otherwise
carrying around just one bag, and that bag is almost light enough that I
could carry it around all day without worry (There is a whole post to
come on bags and what I'm carrying with me). The mandolin means I always
need to find somewhere to dump my luggage for the day. So I either need
to make this a part of my daily routine or it's time to let the bulky
instrument go.

A final related skill I want to start learning is animation.

Anyway I'm going to post this and go out and explore Washington. I
didn't really take any photos of Atlantic City, it's a weird place and I
spent a lot of it at the poker table anyway. But I did make sure I
walked the boardwalk. It was cold.

So I'll finish this post with two photos of central park. This one was
my favourite.

[![P1000852](http://farm6.staticflickr.com/5529/10530462003_c5059d9317_c.jpg)](http://www.flickr.com/photos/97350976@N07/10530462003/ "Something something, photography, something something, capturing light")

And this was great. I had walked halfway around the lake before seeing
this sign.

[![P1000858](http://farm4.staticflickr.com/3829/10530445813_fa27a0b1ab_c.jpg)](http://www.flickr.com/photos/97350976@N07/10530445813/ "But which way do I skip?")

I was walking the wrong way. I kept going.
