Title: Adventures in the night. Then Charlotte
Date: 2013-11-14 14:22
Author: admin
Category: Travel
Tags: Adventure, America, Charlotte, Cold, Disc, Disc Golf, Driving, Frisbee, New Friends, Travel, USA
Slug: adventures-in-the-night-then-charlotte

I didn't end up staying long in Bedford. It turns out, travelling south
for warmth only works if you don't get caught in a cold snap. It was too
cold to go walking outside so I kept driving south, stopping for dinner
on the road. But here's a photo anyway.

[![P1010295](http://farm3.staticflickr.com/2816/10848168265_b17347699b_c.jpg)](http://www.flickr.com/photos/97350976@N07/10848168265/ "It's a small town!")

I pulled into a rest stop about 9:30 to get a few hours rest. I knew it
would be cold, so plan was to rest a few hours, wake up drive some more,
pull over and rest another few hours. First part went well, I slept
until 1230 or 1am. Get back into the drivers seat, turn key and ...
nothing. I'd left my headlights on, and with the cold temps the
batteries had drained. I wasn't going anywhere. The next hour consisted
of me asking every person who stopped to use the bathroom if they had
jumper leads. No one did. I kept trying out the key periodically hoping
to get lucky. And then, all of a sudden, the car turned over and
sputtered to life. And so did the heater. Magic. Waited for the car to
warm up a little. Drove a few more hours before stopping at another rest
stop, making sure the lights were off, and getting a few more hours
sleep.

I was very close to Charlotte at this point. Shortly after sunrise I was
back on the road. Rounding the bend I unexpectedly came across the city.
It was a magnificent sight.

No photo, I was driving.

I had breakfast a vegan cafe, great start to the day. I'd booked a super
cheap hotel online, but they weren't able to check me in early. I did a
google search of things to do in Charlotte when the phrase disc golf
jumped into my eye.

The park was called Hornets Nest. After failing to find a disc at
Walmart (my first Walmart trip as well today. It's big I guess) I
stopped by to have a look at the course before going to a sports store.
I never made it to the sports store because I was super lucky to meet my
new friend Brian.

[![P1010297
cropped](http://farm4.staticflickr.com/3787/10848813463_c89be91e36_c.jpg)](http://www.flickr.com/photos/97350976@N07/10848813463/ "Back at hole 1 after a round.")

He's a huge frisbee golf enthusiast and great guy. He lent me a disc and
we played a round of 18 together. His score of 72 was much more
impressive than my score of 103. It was great to throw a disc around
again. Although it is a bit more difficult throwing an actual disc golf
disc rather than the ultimate frisbee sized disc I'm used to. Hornets
Nest is his favourite course in the area (turns out Charlotte is kind of
the frisbee golf capital of the world, they have heaps of courses) and I
can see why. The surroundings are beautiful, and the back nine is
essentially a walk through the woods; a bit difficult to play through
but very picturesque.

At the cafe in the morning, I was told about the Mint Museum, which is
more of an art gallery and free on Tuesday nights. I checked in to my
hotel, had a long overdue nap, a shower and caught the last hour of the
gallery. It was small but had some wonderful pieces. And with a pizza at
a cool restaurant a few blocks away, the perfect way to end a
wonderfully unique day in Charlotte.

Tomorrow morning I'm back on the road, this time headed west. I've
decided to head straight for San Francisco and do Austin and New Orleans
on the return so that I can catch up with Andy before he goes on
vacation on the 22nd. Nick is also there this week, so it'll be good to
see them both, and kind of do an early birthday thing with them.
