Title: Quick wrap up of Paris
Date: 2013-10-30 09:37
Author: admin
Category: Travel
Tags: Botanical Gardens, Cats, Eiffel Tower, Friends, Paris, Parks, Peacocks, Photos, Random, Travel
Slug: quick-wrap-up-of-paris

I've been in New York now for 2 and a half weeks so I've decided to
condense Paris into two posts. This one will be a quick wrap up and
tomorrow I'll post a day report of one of my favourite days.

Summing up my experience in Paris is weird. Thinking back it feels like
I didn't do all that much but if I look at the photos or think of
specific days (the ones where I didn't stay inside that is) I realise I
did do a lot. I did some of the obviously touristy things; Notre Dame,
Sacre Coeur, The Lourve, Musee D'orsay etc. There were a lot of days
just walking around and seeing what I could see. I discovered an awesome
little botanical gardens which is where those photos of the cats and
peacocks in the previous post came from.

I stayed with a good friend of mine from Australia, Caitlin, who is
doing a PHD in Paris. She has two housemates Carmen and Umeshree and all
three are the best. This photo was from the first night in Paris

[![\_1000225](http://farm4.staticflickr.com/3667/10003441786_f076b9615c_c.jpg)](http://www.flickr.com/photos/97350976@N07/10003441786/ "Caitlin, Carmen and Umeshree")

I also hung out a lot with my old housemate from Australia, Nick (this
is also who I'm staying with in New York). Before he went to Barcelona
with other friend Lisa and Sammy.

[![P1000477](http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7302/10038675513_1d35680716_c.jpg)](http://www.flickr.com/photos/97350976@N07/10038675513/ "He wasn't expecting to be photograhed")

A lot of my days consisted of buying a baguette at a boulangerie and
walking till I was lost. Or riding one of the Velibes. The Velibe and
Velo-v system in Lyon were both great, I used them extensively. Arriving
in New York, I have missed how good these systems were. New York has
there Citi Bike system which is similar in principle but priced much
more expensively for tourists.

One hightlight was La Nuit Blanche; which is a night festival, where I
walked around and saw art, watched films in the Hotel de Ville and saw
fireworks on the Seine. I got these awesome photos at the beginning of
the evening.

This dog was just walking around on his own through the crowd he looked
like he was having so much fun.

[![P1000599](http://farm3.staticflickr.com/2830/10280288496_a017741626_c.jpg)](http://www.flickr.com/photos/97350976@N07/10280288496/ "P1000599 by Alistair Magee, on Flickr")

This was a random shot from the hip. I don't know these people are but
love how great this photo turned out.

[![P1000592](http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7350/10280416483_e032261d33_c.jpg)](http://www.flickr.com/photos/97350976@N07/10280416483/ "We're always this cool")

This building looked great all greened up for the night.

[![P1000608](http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7408/10280411853_034dcef54c_c.jpg)](http://www.flickr.com/photos/97350976@N07/10280411853/ "P1000608 by Alistair Magee, on Flickr")

Overall Paris, and France was enjoyable will definitely go back. I wish
I was better at french so I could've interacted with the locals more. A
common part of my travels so far, which has continued in New York, is
hanging out with a lot of Australians.

The second last day I had in Paris had a fun little coincidence. I'd put
off climbing the Eiffel tower and had finally got round to it. At the
bottom of the stairs though, I ran into Sammy and Lisa again, along with
a friend of Lisa. Lisa is on exchange at a business school near
Versailles, and Sammy was staying with her for the rest of her stay
(she'd been in Paris before their weekdend in Barcelona) so it was a
nice little surprise to run into them and have some company for the
climb.

[![P1000658](http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7410/10280355693_e89d7ac25e_c.jpg)](http://www.flickr.com/photos/97350976@N07/10280355693/ "P1000658 by Alistair Magee, on Flickr")

And I suppose I'll have to learn to start posting photos of myself. So
here's me at the top of the Eiffel Tower. It was very cloudy and windy
and little bit rainy that day. Which was great because there was no
crowd, and the clouds cleared when we got to the top for a great view.

[![P1000679](http://farm6.staticflickr.com/5514/10280162545_4e351758a1_c.jpg)](http://www.flickr.com/photos/97350976@N07/10280162545/ "P1000679 by Alistair Magee, on Flickr")
